---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

(Ryan, if you're reading this, then I have lost faith in you, my friend. This week's blog post should not require any reference from anybody else's post. Just kidding, please don't hate on me, it was just a prank bro)

## Team Project Progress
During class [Tuesday](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-04-10.md), I was helping out with looking into how to conduct our tests with the password validator and also assisting Jessive with gzip-ing the common-passswords file. On the minor note, I updated README.md file of your documentation repo with slides for our eventual final presentation and guidelines to contributing to Django, for the purpose of figuring out how to run tests and manage the test suit in general.

On our normal meeting on [Wednesday](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-04-11.md), I was able to verify with Rohit and Kelly on how many old passwords are in new list, and we've developed a script to add the passwords from the old list that are not in the new one, thus resulting in new complete list.

On [Friday afternoon](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-04-13.md), we ran tests on 3 out of 5 machines, where the 2 Windows machines had the same output, and the one Mac had a slightly different one:
- Mac:
  - OK (skipped=873, expected failures=4)
- Both Windows machines:
  - OK (skipped=946, expected failures=4)

Since we're a little unsure what the intended output should be, I will personally try to run the tests on my machine.

In addition, we have received feedback from a contributor to Django on the [Google Group Discussion](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/django-developers/oMWLVK5kTpI/discussion) stating,
> One approach you might try is on every test run, randomly select some lines from the list of common passwords and verify they fail the validator. That way we know it's not just testing a single, fixed, contrived case."

Thus, we may need to either randomize which passwords to use to test the validator on or perhaps come up with our own test cases (contrary to our initial intuition of not needing to).

I will try to find more meaningful ways to contribute, and help create some test cases and a random selector of passwords to test on.
I'll also try to work on the presentation once we've agreed upon on what info we want to discuss in our 20-ish minute presentation.

## Contributions
My thanks to Jessica for giving me the opportunity to contribute to Karrot's frontend documentation:
- Commented on license's timespan [issue](https://github.com/yunity/karrot-frontend/issues/997) and asked for clarification from owner of Karrot's frontend repository
- Created [PR](https://github.com/yunity/karrot-frontend/pull/1007) to fix license's timespan

Also, though I've already reached my limit for course websitre contributions, I did make a contribution on 4/4/18 (week 10):
- Created fix for [issue #95](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/95) with [pull request #105](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/105)

I originally decided not to list it because I knew it would not count, but then I realized that I might as well list it, even if it doesn't count.
