---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


### Explain (in your own words) the difference between software development following the cathedral model and software development following the bazaar model; which of the two environments would you be more comfortable?
The two models, the cathedral and bazaar, are metaphors for how most software development is done.
#### Cathedral
Raymond denotes the cathedral model to be the typical commercial model, ones that large private technology companies adopt. The private software is the "cathedral", where it is worked privately on by a select few. The end result is a magnificent work of architecture, and part of the beauty is not only the functionality of the project, but also the mystery of how it was constructed.
#### Bazaar
On the other hand, Raymond calls open source development to be a bazaar, where many people publically collaborate and engage in trade with not only resources, but also ideas. While the construction and interaction are rather crude, it is the raw collaboration and teamwork found in nature of software development.
#### Preference
I have not personally worked on open source projects much, so I can only imagine how open source development works. Thus, because I only have experience with development of closed-source projects, I perosnally find more comfort with the cathedral model. However, do note that I said I found that model more comfortable, not preferable: one of my goals in this course is to experience giving some meaningful contribution to the open source world in order to gain perspective on doing so. That means that while I presently find more comfort in constructing the cathedral, I may perhaps find the aquired taste in open source development not only more comforting in the future, but also more preferable.

### The Cathedral and The Bazaar essay has 19 "lessons"; pick two that you found most interesting, intriguing, telling, or that you simply liked; quote them in your blog and try to explain what they supposed to mean
The two lessons I have found most noteworthy to talk about are the 4th and 19th quotes, which the former has a lot of personal resonance with me and the latter, despite being straightforward for the most part, has a subtle conditional aspect to it.

#### 4. If you have the right attitude, interesting problems will find you.
This lesson is actually quite meainingful to me because of how personal it is; before, I ued to find myself uninterested and lacking motivation to solve problems because I didn't seem to find any. I believed this "shortage" was due to just a lack of problems needing to be solved. I however quickly learned that my outlook was the issue: there are tons of problems out in the world that needs solving, and even if someone else is working on a solution, that does not mean he or she does not need assistance (as I'll explore in the next quote). In addition to finding problems in general, Raymond's quote also says that "**interesting** problems will find you", which I also find to be correct. Of course, "interesting" is subjective, but as long as someone is receptive, he or she will encounter a problem that he or she finds interest in and needs to be solved.

#### 19: Provided the development coordinator has a communications medium at least as good as the Internet, and knows how to lead without coercion, many heads are inevitably better than one.
The last quote is interesting to me because of how simple and intuitive it is. There is practically not much to it, since it is pretty much a true statement and there is no argument against it. It should be obvious that if a community has a fast and convenient to commuicate and share ideas, and nobody is forced against their interest to participate in a community, then of course more developers will lead to a better product. Perhaps the allure of this quote is how conspicuous the idea is; you will of course be able to work better with more people who each can contribute their own unique and brilliant ideas, given that communication and friction are not able to hinder development.

However, aside from how simple and non-subjective this lesson feels, there is one thing that any reader of this quote should pay attention to: Raymond says "many heads are _**inevitably**_ better than one". This is possibly the "caveat" to this quote, where there is no doubt that, in the long run, many contributors to project will lead to the best possible development, but that does not mean many contributors will be the best course of action in the short run. Given a deadline, a relatively short time to roll out a product, you may not be able to afford many heads, because this could lead to more time for discussion of the direction of a product instead of actual development. But rather than me saying that you should not have many people contributing to a product, I instead want to say that when working on any project, be mindful of the amount of time and resources you have: can I afford to have a lot of people to work together at the expense of the time of release, or do I need to limit discussion time to allow more development time?

Luckily for version control and open source, a lot of times we are able to produce a product and put it out there, and then be able to eventually push improvements afterwards, which means that more heads are not only "inevitably better than one", but also the better decision in the long term, given that friction and communication issues are not prevalent.

