---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

# Course Feedback

### What I learned
I was able to learn what it was like to try to contribute to an open source project, and how the logistics behind open source worked. In addition, I wrote (or what I think I wrote, my memory's hazy oops) in Joanna's beignning-of-the-semester "why did you take this course" or "what would you like to get out of this course" that I would like to have a new perspective by working on an open source project in order to gain more incentive to develop software. I do think the course did help me accomplish this, and thus I am able to take this newfound knowledge and experience to improve as a developer.

### What I wish to have learned
One thing I wish I could have learned was knowing how to triage the status of being-able-to-easily-contribute of an open source project. While I probably would pick Django again because of the kind of person I am, I do think that, for other students, were not able to get the most out of this course because contributing was sometimes difficult (not that the challenge is something that should be removed because I think adversity breeds the best improvement). But if someone learned about more accessible-to-contribute-easily projects, he or she would then be able to have a more manageable time to feel empowered to contribute to open source.

### What would I remove from the course?
Regarding the "Linux basics, file system, scripting" lectures, I felt that, while not completely useless (in fact the refresher to CSO/OS and terminal commands were appreciated), did not contribute much to the open source. While I see that the slides are from Jeffrey Korn from CSCI-GA.2246-001 (Open Source Tools) course, I didn't quite understand the underlying connection.

### What would I add to the course?
While our class were the guinea pigs for the course, I think as the class gets more and more refined, a list of suggested open source projects for beginners would be neat to get people started with contributing to Open Source, as similarly stated in my "What I wish to have learned" section. This addition could perhaps include having people who actively work on open source projects be able to work with students one-on-one. This is of course unrealistic, but from what I've experienced with working with Django and seeing the presentations from the other groups, it is very important that you get a point of contact while contributing to open source. Without this point of contact, anybody can easily see that trying to successfully contribute meaningfully becomes much harder.

## Contributions
I managed to find locations/landmarks to add information to on Open Maps in the area that my friend lived in, because all the areas near where I'm from has been annoyingly well documented:
* Added Franklin Lakes Borough Mayor to the map and its
  * Address
  * Name
  * Building type
* Updated Franklin Lakes Public Library’s
  * Hours
  * Phone #
  * Free internet availability
  * Description
* Updated Franklin Lakes Volunteer Ambulance’s
  * Phone #
* Updated Franklin Lakes Police Department’s
  * Address
  * Phone #
* Updated The Chef’s Table’s
  * Hours
  * Address
  * Description
  * Outdoor seating status
  * Takeout status
* Added George Washington Elementary School's
  * Phone #
  * Description
  * Address
* Added Franklin Avenue Middle School's
  * Phone #
  * Address

Also, I tested out a possible fix and confirmed it for a [PyAutoGUI issue to find words from screen shots and click on it](https://github.com/asweigart/pyautogui/issues/219)

...and that's it to this semester's blog!
I thank you for following and reading this, whether you're Joanna/the graders, another student, or some lurker. I hope you enjoyed the journey as I have, and perhaps I will see you again soon!
