---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## Reflection on Invited Talk
I think that, because we have accumulated more experience and knowledge on open source and contributing to such projects, these talks about open source becomes less and less informative regarding the idea of open source and the general steps on how to contribute to open source.

That's not to say that Danna's talk was not useful: while she did go a little bit into contributing into open source, I actually learned quite a lot about how a larger and more influential tech company like Google approaches open source. The fact that Google has been directly involved with over 2000 open source projects. However, I do understand that this number is not that impressive, because many projects started internally and eventually became open. Also, while Google does need to generate revenue and thus keeps projects like its search engine and self driving cars closed-source, I do appreciate the idea that Danna explained that Google thinks "open is better". This phrase makes me think of the "we need to do something not optimal because of some evil", such as the whole idea of security: if people were never malicious, then perhaps we would not need security, whether it be physical security or passwords. Alas, such optimistic utopian view can never be realized. Speaking of utopian ideaology, one small interesting note on Google's open source license that Danna mentioned is that you don't own the project; I guess they want to reinforce the idea that the underlying idea of contributing to an open source project is to benefit a community, not just for your own benefit, thus reinforcing the idea of "open is better" and preventing greed/selfishness from getting in the way.

While I did not understand her explanation of Bazel 100%, I do like how she explained how Bazel is "(fast, correct)-choose two", especially with how it handles updates in one node in her diagram, which then easily and correctly updates all other affected node. Another interesting point was that I didn't realize who she actually was, until later in the presentation, where her history, mannerisms, and speech resembled a person named "Donna" I knew from NYU's ACM club and was usually in WWH 311 getting work done. Then I realized, I never saw her name written down, and I probably mistakenly heard her name pronounced with an 'o' instead of an 'a'.

## Team Project Progress
This past [Wednesday](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-04-04.md) seemed to be the most productive meeting so far. As I hinted in my previous blog post, we have decided to stick to Django, because not only are other projects not substantially any easier in finding doable issues, but also because it seem that a lot of tickets are doable but not necessarily labeled as "easy pickings" either because the issuers fail to appropriately do so or the issues are harder than they are (but because we're becoming more and more competent programmers, such "difficult" issues are still doable).

My personal contributions to the team as of the moment are not as tangible as I would like them to be, but I was able to provide information on the triaged issues detailed in our documentation from [Wednesday's meeting](https://github.com/ny-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-04-04.md) and thus appropriately assess which ones we could do. This eventually led to the success of us claiming [Ticket 29274](https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/29274), which is about updating a common-passwords list so that new passwords do not fall into this list of common password.

On [Thursday](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-04-05.md), I was able to assist in preparations for updating the code related to the ticket by providing locations where the password validators would be impacted by the change the list of passwords, which includes at least 5 files, listed in the minute file. We'll soon edit the code for the ticket and then create our teting environment to verify the fix is good, and then eventually submit a PR before we need to present in about 2 weeks.

## Go's [Code of Conduct](https://golang.org/conduct)
After reading the code of conduct, I feel like, as with most documents detailing policies (such as User License Agreements, Terms of Services, etc) most of the rules mentioned on the document are pedantic. It should be common sense to be amicable with the people you work with and not cause trouble to other people because of what they look like, yet if such rules/guidelines are not expounded, then if trouble does occur, then someone can claim that "it was never explicitly stated that I'm not allowed to be a jerk!". My favorite, yet possibly exaggerated or overstretched, example I like to use to illustate the need for such pedantic documents is the "13 years old" clause listed in most online services. The need for that rule is probably only there not because people below 13 are not physically incapable of using such services, but in case that a younger person, who is stereotypically more likely to be immature and cause behavioral trouble (though I can't say that I am any more mature when I'm over 13 years old), or their parent(s) wants to argue with a company that their service caused some problem to their family, then this clause helps deny their argument.

However, despite the pendantic-ness of the document and that long convoluted example I just mentioned, it is important to know that the document is here to do good, not caue more maintence trouble, as "the goal of the Code of Conduct and the Working Group is to resolve conflicts in the most harmonious way possible. We hope that in most cases issues may be resolved through polite discussion and mutual agreement." Thus, assuming people are competent and courteous, then this document is not needed, and only serves as a last resort source to resolve issues.

Django's [code of conduct](https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/) does have many similar ideas with Go's with how the CoC is set up and the purpose of its existence, which is probably why Go's page mentions that "Parts of this document were derived from the Code of Conduct documents of the Django".

## Contributions this Week
No contributions made this week. I'm having a little trouble finding a wikipedia article that I'm interested in to edit, but I think I'll need to be more open with my search. Also not quite able to find non-wiki & non-course-website related contributions, but I plan to need to look more into CodeTriage and Open Maps for suggestions.
