---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Questions for [Danna Kelmer](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dannakelmer/)
1) How essential is it, in your opinion, for engineers to have experience with contributing to or participating in open source projects?
2) Adding to the previous question, how much does Google (and your previous companies like Yahoo & IBM) value such experience? Does Google or your previous companies encourage its engineers to actively contribute to or participate in the discussion of open source projects? If so, what kind of guidelines or tips do they give?
3) What tips would you suggest to a newcomer who wishes to get into Open Source? What would you tell someone who is not necessarily interested in open source, but is someone you would like to get more involved in open source
~~4) can you refer to me to google pls, i want a job (i'm joking)~~

## [Group Project Progress](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-03-28.md)
Currently, our group is continuing to triage issue and evaluate the ease in finding workable issues in other open source projects.

I have been able to actively participate in triaging Django's issue and evaluating the viability of switching to another projects, but now our group is at the point where we need to finally make a desicive choice in which project we stick with. I think I know what we will end up doing, but everyone else reading this blog post will have to find out on Tuesday ☺.

My personal task for the our group, decided at the end of our Wednesday 2-4pm meeting for next week, is to "identify doable tickets as easy pickings that aren't labeled as such". Unfortunately, I have not gotten a chance to evaluate all non-easy pickings tickets, and the ones that I have looked at so far are aptly not labeled as easy pickings because they're either too difficult for me or not within my authority to work on or tackle.

## Contributions
- No contributions this week
- Created _contributions.md_

-----
Requirements:

Blog posts:
- come up with three questions for Danna for Tuesday
- describe the progress that you group made in working on the project, are you (as an individual) able to actively participate in what the group is working on? what are your specific task in the work on the project?
- report on any additional contributions
- report on any open data events that you might have attended this week
- Contributions list: in your blog create a file called contributions.md. The document should contain a table with a list of all of your Contributions so far. The table columns should be "week #", "contribution", "contribution type". The first column should just include the week number in which you made your Contributions. The second column should contain the name of the project/site to which the contribution was made and a link to your specific contribution and a brief description ("article edit", "issue reported", "pull request", …). The third column should state what type of contribution in is: "course website", "Wikipedia", "Other".

To incorporate this document into your blog, edit the layouts/default.html document and add

<a href="/cs480_s18/contributions">Contributions</a>

after line 31 (or after the line that contains the link to the About page, <a href="/cs480_s18/about">About</a>).
