---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

# Open Data Week Events

### [Data Through Design: Opening Reception](https://www.open-data.nyc/#details80)
##### (Friday 3/2 6:30-8:30 @ 30 John Street, Brooklyn, NY)

That Friday had wonderful weather, and the journey was even more fun (slight sarcasm)! I was at the opening reception with friends & classmates Ryan Chau, Ashley Hu, Dana Lee, and Dora Sun. The event was an art exhibit with each piece detailing some kind of data, ranging from trees & car accidents in Manhattan, to sexual violence in NYC, to Haikus describing NYC government jobs.

(describe the art)

The construction and presentation of each art piece was definitely a nice touch to visualize the data, but while the art looked nice and gave a nice glimpse into the data and its significance, Dana mentioned a point that I definitely agreed on: for someone who has worked with data a lot, the exhibit doesn't really show that much. And even though the presentation might be simplified in order to allow the general public comprehend the data more easily, I was kind of yearning for more insight and analysis of the data. Perhaps that is a sign for me to look more into Open Data and attend more events in the future.

Images:
(Car accidents)

(Sexual violence in NYC over time)

(Trees in Manhattan)

(Haiku Generator)
(Readme.md Haiku)

### [NYC Open Data Week @ NYU](https://www.open-data.nyc/#details75)
##### (Monday 3/5 7-9:30 @ Hemmerdinger Hall, Silver)



## Contributions
No contributions made this week



-----

Just in case some of you did not realized it, this weeks blog posts are supposed to be reports on the Open Data Week events that you attended. You should specify which event it was, what was discussed, what you learned, what you liked and disliked about it.

Make sure to include a photo of yourself at the event (preferably somehow indicating that you are at the particular event, not at a party) or send such picture to me by email.
