---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

# Open Source
### What do YOU think about when you hear the term "open source"?
When I hear the term "open source", I think of of a project, not necessarily a software one, that has been created and worked on by a community. The details of the project is open to everyone and anyone can join the community to add contributions.
### What are some advantages of open vs. closed source?
Open source is, as its name states, open for anyone to access. This means that a product is freely available for all to use and modify. Such liberties allow a community to "peer-review" a product to make fixes and add new features. After all, "given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow", or the more eyes that look at a product, the more refined it can become.
### What are some potential problems with open source?
One problem with open source is that because there are many different people working on the project, which include volunteers, that means that the amount of time those volunteer will be able to spend on the project will greatly vary. Some may be able to work on the project daily, while others only get to look at it once a month.

Another problem is the the "community" aspect of open source. This "advantage" also has a problem: because more people are involved with the project, that means more time and discussion are required for changes to be pushed out. Thus, while an open source product may end up being much more refined than a closed source one, it will take much more time to develop.

# Projects
### List names of four open source projects that you regularly use or that influenced you in some way in the past; give brief descriptions for each, explain why you use it and what the alternatives might be (note, the projects do not have to be source code based).
#### 1. Mozilla Firefox
Firefox is an internet browser and the first non-default browser I have used. As a web browser, it speed, security, add-ons, and ease of use makes it appealing for me to use. The continued development

Alternatives that I know off the top of my head for Firefox are Google Chrome (another browser I do like to use), Opera, and Safari for MacOS (I believe a Windows version exists, but discontinued?). I personally would never suggest Internet Explorer as an alternative because of its large flaws.
#### 2. Eclipse
Eclipse is an IDE used to write programs. I most commonly use it for writing programs in Java because not only was it the first IDE introduced to me when using Java (so I have become accustomed to use it for Java), but also because the platform provides a lot of ease of use yet a lot useful functions to use.

There are several alternatives to Eclipse as a Java IDE, which include both retail and other open source software. Examples for retail include JetBrain's InteliJ (which I have used for a previous class), and BlueJ and Netbeans for open source.
#### 3. Open Office / Libre Office
Open Office has been discontinued, but it was the software I used before changing to Libre Office Open Office / Libre Office is what I like to call "the poor man's Microsoft Office".

The alternatives are Mircosoft Word, and Google Docs. I mostly use Google Docs online, and Libre Office offline or when I need to open downloaded word files.
#### 4. VLC Media Player
VLC Media Player is a media player, which can play files with formats such as .mp3 and .mp4. I use VLC for listening to music and watching videos. I personally like it over its alternatives because VLC provides and easy-to-use interface.

Two alternatives for VLC is Windows Media Player and QuickTime Player.
# Questions for Tom
### Come up with two (or more) questions that you would like to ask Tom Callaway from RedHat when he visits the class next week.
1. What are common challenge that RedHat face with regards with Open Source Software?
2. It has been about 25 years since RedHat was founded. What has allowed RedHat to succeed for so long? What has RedHat done to stay strong in the technology industry?
