---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

# Questions

### 1. What type of things are you looking for when you select an open source project to work on?

When selecting and open source project, I tend to look for software that I use, because that means that I will be interested in the project and the project (usually) has an active community. I think these two aspects will be the most important ones that will allow me to give it my best when trying to contribute.

More specifically, some secondary things I look for is the language that the project uses, because if I am familiar with the language, then I will be more comfortable with and willing to contribute. In the case that I'm not familiar with the language/technology used by the project, I will not necessarily be discouraged to contribute, but I will definitely need to spend more time familiarizing myself; in general however, I am eager to learn new things to broaden my skillset. In addition, I will prefer welcoming communities that have resources dedicated to assist newcomers to a project, so that my journey in joining the community is as smooth as possible.

### 2. What are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project? (What are your strengths?)

I will for sure be able to help with simple and non-complicated aspects of a project such as grammatical errors, fixing wording, documentation. In terms of more major things, I do think I am tenacious in terms of problem-solving; I usually keep at it and eventually find a working solution. In addition, when I am genuinely interested in a project, I invest all of my effort and time to create the best possible product.

Aside from those strengths, I think I am a pretty decent [rubber ducky](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_duck_debugging), so feel free to talk to me about your bugs.

### 3. What are you hoping to learn from working on an open source project?

In general, I am just hoping to learn what it is like to work with very motivated and interested people, because most software development I have done with others so far were done based on getting a good grade and not on pure interest and initiative to create something. More specifically, I would like to become a better software engineer, which includes being a better coder, communicator, teammate, and overall person.

### 4. What are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning to work on an open source project?

My biggest worry when thinking and planning to work on an open source project is not being able to contribute in a meaningful way to a project. This can stem from include me not understanding the source code or other collaborators because of I may be inept, the community may be unwelcoming, or communication may not be well organized.

### Questions for Aurelia Moser

* What do you specifically do at Mozilla Science Lab? Aside from trying to spread more awareness for open source and help people interested in open source by providing more tool, do you work on any open source projects first hand at Mozilla?
* Do you view open source companies, such as Mozilla, in a different light than your "typical" tech company because the former kind of companies deal with open source projects?
* What resources do you recommend for up-and-coming web-cartographers?
* What is the best way to get into Open Source? (Hoping for a clearer answer, since Tom's answer was unfortunate bit vague)

--------------------------------
# Small Contributions
 
### Total points: 8
* (Course Website Limit: 7/8)
* (Wiki Related Limit: 1/5)

### This Week's Contributions:

No contributions made this week

### Previous Contributions:

(Since the previous ones, especially comments on course website issues, are not well documented in one place)

|**#**|**Type**|**Details**|
|-----|--------|-----------|
|1|Course Website|Reported issue [#12](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/12)|
|2|Course Website|Commented on issue [#10](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/10)|
|3|Course Website|Commented on issue [#11](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/11)|
|4|Course Website|Commented on issue [#13](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/13)|
|5|Course Website|Commented on issue [#14](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/14)|
|6|Course Website|Created fix on issue [#5](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/5) with pull request [#53](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/53)|
|7|Course Website|Confirmed fix on issue [#12](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/12) with pull request [#56](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/56)|
|8|Wikipedia|Contributed to [OpenAI page](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=OpenAI&oldid=824974813) ([My Contributions Page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/PhrydRhys))|

<style>
    table {
        border-collapse:collapse;
        border: 1px solid black;
    }
    th, td {
        border: 1px solid black;
        padding: 5px;
    }
</style>
