---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## Group Project
We started the week with great news that our [pull request](https://github.com/django/django/pull/9875) from [Friday, 4/13/18](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-04-13.md) got merged.

The goal now, is to try to get an official contribution (a commit) under Kelly's, Shiyang's, and my own name, since even though everyone contributed a lot for the previous common-passwords issue, we still need to have a commit under our name. As stated in the [minutes file](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-04-17.md) that I wrote on Tuesday, we initially had a couple paths to follow to obtain additional contributions:
1. Find a new ticket to work on
2. Update the the [password documentation page](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/2.0/topics/auth/passwords/) with regards to the number common passwords from 1000 to 2000 and the name from "Mark Burnett" to "Royce Williams" for the new list
3. Submit more unit tests for the CommonPasswordValidator, based on the feedback from the [Google Group Discussion Page](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/django-developers/oMWLVK5kTpI/7P4RBdBcCAAJ)

However, the second and third options became obsolute:
- By the end of Tuesday's meeting, we had realized that someone else had already tried updating the documentation
- While we could write additional unit tests, it turns out Django's default unit tests are sufficient. The feedback from the Google Group Discussion page was not referring to creating additional tests, but just to do our own local test for the purpose of checking if the validator is not just testing a single, fixed, contrived case in the selection of the random lines in the list of common passwords.
  - i.e. the feedback was to make sure the validator itself was functioning correctly, not to create more test cases for the validator


Thus it looks like that, in order to have a commit under the rest of our names, we need to look for a new ticket to work on, and spent all three of our meetings trying to do so.

While looking at new tickets, I realized that, while he have documented most, if not all, of the tickets we've looked at during the semester, we certainly did **NOT** organize them in a nice list, so I just created **tickets.md** to have a semi-oragnized list in order to prevent us from wasting time re-triaging an old ticket. (Also, I initially created the file in the `\django-team\minutes` directory, but then realized that I needed to move the file to the root directory of `\django-team`, which I successfully did via terminal instead of through the Github website of making a duplicate file in the correct directory and then deleting the old one. A small contribution, but nonetheless an important one.)

We looked at several tickets, but all of them (as of last Friday), did not seem doable within a week, before our presenetaion of Thursday 5/1/18. We went back to tickets we previously traiged that were doable, but did not work on due to someone else claiming the ticket before us, and Shiyang commented on an old & inactive (yet not closed) [pull request](https://github.com/django/django/pull/9825) that is for a [ticket](https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/29261) that we [triaged earlier](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-04-04.md). Because it was about the licensing for the project, it looked doable. But because someone already created a pull request and said that he/she would "clean this up tomorrow" 27 days ago (as of the time of this post, 4/22/18). A response was given on 4/20 (2 days ago as of the time of this post) stating:
> I don't think the change has been committed yet, so the issue shouldn't be closed. If you're asking whether additional changes are needed before it can be committed, I don't know.

...which looks like we might not get the change to work on that issue (damn). We are, especially myself, will be looking for issues on our own, and meet up on Sunday. Worse comes to worst, we plan to discuss these matters with Joanna on her Monday office hours.

Aside from trying to find new tickets to work on, I will need to start adding information to our final [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-mZcuNnQHFCkEX4B5840NFgzw2LV5JVFcQYlHF9mz1c).

## Licenses
Django has a BSD License, according to its [Github repository](https://github.com/django/django/blob/master/LICENSE). It states the following: 
> Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
> 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
> 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
> 3. Neither the name of Django nor the names of its contributors may be used
       to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
       specific prior written permission.

Basically, according to that above file and the [BSD license page](https://tldrlegal.com/license/bsd-3-clause-license-(revised)) a person can:
- redistribute and use (in source or binary forms)
- modify the software in any way

Since it is not explicitly stated in the Django documentation that one cannot do the following, to looks like you can also:
- use the software for commercial use
- place warranty on the source code

But one cannot:
- **Use Django trademark (without prior permission):** One "may not use the names of the original company or its members to endorse derived products."
- **Hold liable:** "Describe the warranty and if the software/license owner can be charged for damages."

He/she is also **required** to:
- include & retain the following for redistributions of **source code**:
  - copyright notice
  - list of conditions and disclaimer
- include & retain the following for redistributions in the **binary form**:
  - copyright notice
  - list of conditions and disclaimer in documentation
  - any other materials included in redistribution

## Contributions
This week, I edited the [Missing square puzzle](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Missing_square_puzzle&oldid=837257799) page. ([contribution page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/PhrydRhys)) I felt that the wording for the "Similar Puzzles" section was a bit choppy because I myself had trouble understanding what the explanation was trying to communicate.

I looked more into Open Maps a while ago to label places in the area around where I live, and it seems that most areas have already been labeled (-_-'). Looks like I will need to look harder.
