---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## Reflection on Invited Talk
I think that, because we have accumulated more experience and knowledge on open source and contributing to such projects, these talks about open source becomes less and less informative regarding the idea of open source and the general steps on how to contribute to open source.
///////////////////

## Team Project Progress
This past [Wednesday](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-04-04.md) seemed to be the most productive meeting so far. As I hinted in my previous blog post, we have decided to stick to Django, because not only are other projects not substantially any easier in finding doable issues, but also because it seem that a lot of tickets are doable but not necessarily labeled as "easy pickings" either because the issuers fail to appropriately do so or the issues are harder than they are (but because we're becoming more and more competent programmers, such "difficult" issues are still doable).
////////////////////

My personal contributions to the team as of the moment are not as tangible as I would like them to be, but I was able to provide information on the triaged issues detailed in our documentation from [Wednesday's meeting](https://github.com/ny-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-04-04.md) and thus appropriately assess which ones we could do. This eventually led to the success of us claiming [Ticket 29274](https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/29274), which is about updating a common-passwords list so that new passwords do not fall into this list of common password.
////////////////////////////

On [Thursday](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-04-05.md), I was able to assist in preparations for updating the code related to the ticket by providing locations where the password validators would be impacted by the change the list of passwords.
///////////////////////

## Go's [Code of Conduct](https://golang.org/conduct)
After reading the code of conduct, I feel like, as with most documents detailing policies (such as User License Agreements, Terms of Services, etc) most of the rules mentioned on the document are pedantic.

Some of the important, "non-common sense" ones would be that you don't own hte project

The underlying idea is that you're 
///////////////////////////////////

## Contributions this Week
none as of the moment

---
### Requirements:

for this week blog posts you should include
- report on the rescheduled open data week events, if you attended any
- a reflection on the invited talk: what do you think about the Google's approach to open source
- report on team project progress - concentrating on your own contributions to the team
- Visit the code of conduct document for the Go project. Read the document and explain the benefits of having such a document for a project. Do you think other projects would benefit from having such document? Does the project that your team is working on have a code of conduct document. If so, post the link to it.
- you should also update the "contributions" table with any new contributions (do not include the team work in there)
